closings six of our northern cities had
fallen in a coordinated attack their
leader fights alongside of which
crush these murderers your majesty every
family must contribute one man to fight
your war hero you've already made many
great sacrifices
my father cannot fight so I will take
his place the northern adventures will
kill her
if I expose her power all people will
kill us when we take the Imperial City I
will take revenge for my father what is
your name soldier
ha-joon commander so no Kajal you will
now take the oath of the warrior
release
[Music]
by pretending to be something you're not
yet here I stand proof that there is a
place for people like us
a girl threatens our plants
a warrior
[Music]
[Applause]
you